Add a very small quick start and reorganize the front page (#150)
mila-iqia/mila-docs: docs/Userguide_quick_start.rst

.. _quick_start:

Quick Start
===========

Users first need :ref:`login access to the cluster <logging_in>`. It is
recommended to install milatools_ which will help in the :ref:`set up of the
ssh configuration <mila_init>` needed to securely and easily connect to the
cluster.

.. _mila_code:

mila code
---------

> milatools_ also helps using and debugging on the Mila cluster. Using the ``mila

Reviewer: ```suggestion
milatools_ also makes it easy to run and debug code on the Mila cluster. Using the ``mila
```

code`` command will allow you to use `VSCode <https://code.visualstudio.com/>`_
on the server. Simply run:

.. code-block:: bash

   mila code path/on/cluster

The details of the command can be found on the `github page of the package

> <https://github.com/mila-iqia/milatools#mila-code>`_. Note that you will first
> need your ssh configuration to be done using the ``mila init`` command. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://github.com/mila-iqia/milatools#mila-code>`_. Note that you need to first
setup your ssh configuration using ``mila init`` before the ``mila code`` command can be used. The
```

initialisation of the ssh configuration is explained :ref:`here <mila_init>`
and on the `github page of the package
<https://github.com/mila-iqia/milatools#mila-init>`_.

> .. _milatools: https://github.com/mila-iqia/milatools

Reviewer: (Needs a newline at the end for the linter to be happy.
```suggestion
.. _milatools: https://github.com/mila-iqia/milatools

```
